README.adoc, before:

= Classpath to File Gradle Plugin
:pluginId: com.redock.classpathtofile
:pluginVersion: 0.0.1
:toc: macro

toc::[]

== Overview

When the classpath for a Gradle `JavaExec` or `Test` task is long, Windows command executions
fail due to Windows path length limitations. The error usually seen in this case is
`CreateProcess error=206, The filename or extension is too long`.

This plugin uses the capability of JDK9+ to pass the classpath to the JVM in an "argument file"
instead (see https://docs.oracle.com/javase/9/tools/java.htm#JSWOR-GUID-4856361B-8BFD-4964-AE84-121F5F6CF111[java
Command-Line Argument Files], thus avoiding the OS limitation.

In addition, this avoids modifying classloading or any other runtime behavior, which is not the
case with other solutions such as ones that modify the classpath in the manifest. See:

* https://github.com/viswaramamoorthy/gradle-util-plugins
* https://github.com/eshepelyuk/gradle-util-plugins
* https://github.com/virgo47/gradle-classpath-jar-plugin
* https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.github.ManifestClasspath

This plugin takes inspiration from those plugins, but operates in a completely different way.

== Version Compatibility

* Gradle 5.1+ (may work on earlier versions, but untested)
* Java 9+.

== Installation

Simply add:

```
plugins {
  id 'com.redock.classpathtofile' version '0.0.1'
}
```

to your build.

For more details, follow the steps described at the
https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.redock.classpathtofile[Gradle Plugin Portal page].

Commit message:

Cross-link SO and upstream Gradle issues

README.adoc, after:

= Classpath to File Gradle Plugin
:pluginId: com.redock.classpathtofile
:pluginVersion: 0.0.1
:toc: macro

toc::[]

== Overview

When the classpath for a Gradle `JavaExec` or `Test` task is long, Windows command executions
fail due to Windows path length limitations. The error usually seen in this case is
`CreateProcess error=206, The filename or extension is too long`.

This plugin uses the capability of JDK9+ to pass the classpath to the JVM in an "argument file"
instead (see https://docs.oracle.com/javase/9/tools/java.htm#JSWOR-GUID-4856361B-8BFD-4964-AE84-121F5F6CF111[java
Command-Line Argument Files], thus avoiding the OS limitation.

In addition, this avoids modifying classloading or any other runtime behavior, which is not the
case with other solutions such as ones that modify the classpath in the manifest. See:

* https://github.com/viswaramamoorthy/gradle-util-plugins
* https://github.com/eshepelyuk/gradle-util-plugins
* https://github.com/virgo47/gradle-classpath-jar-plugin
* https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.github.ManifestClasspath

This plugin takes inspiration from those plugins, but operates in a completely different way.

See this answer to
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/201816/how-to-set-a-long-java-classpath-in-windows/54270831#54270831[How
to set a long Java classpath in Windows?] at StackOverflow for more details about this solution.

See this upstream Gradle issue about potentially providing a solution to this problem in
Gradle core: https://github.com/gradle/gradle/issues/1989. Hopefully an upstream solution to
this will eliminate the need for this plugin.

== Version Compatibility

* Gradle 5.1+ (may work on earlier versions, but untested)
* Java 9+.

== Installation

Simply add:

```
plugins {
  id 'com.redock.classpathtofile' version '0.0.1'
}
```

to your build.

For more details, follow the steps described at the
https://plugins.gradle.org/plugin/com.redock.classpathtofile[Gradle Plugin Portal page].
